# Social-Media-Education
The student management system, known as the student information system for educational institutions. This helps manage school data and communications. The application helps students, schools, and even colleges, it is designed to track and manage the data generated by the student and includes their grades and their attendance. The professor can access the student’s data and manage, get better visibility into how the students are performing in their class. The technologies and methodologies that will be used to achieve the aim of the project. The language that will be used are java, also firebase for the database to store the data. The Methodology that will be used is Scrum software development to build software. The literature review highlights the important part of educational institutes and colleges and also Scrum, unit testing. The background highlights the advantages of using and disadvantages of not using the application. The system is used by colleges, universities, and other educational institutions to maintain student records.this also deals with all kinds of information about the student's details such as their grades, records, course, and assignments. Instead of having to keep track of all student’s data on paper, which will require more time-consumption, as the numbers of students are increasing every year, managing and keeping their records have become complex and by introducing this application it has become more manageable.This is a brief description of the student management system, in the background chapter, The author will discuss it more in detail.
